27/5/2025 - Tutorial lesson - made repository and set up the main files for the Hunt The Wumpus project. 
Spent some time learning about the 1973 original game.
Created the cave class document and wrote the first attrbutes(name and description)
30/5/2025 - Tutorial lesson - Write the main.py program to call the class and make the first cave object.
Modified the attributes to be set up on initialisation.
Wrote setter and getter methods for each attribute. Startedc planning the layout of the caves.
2/6/2025 - Tutorial lesson - Wrote a dictionary attribute to store the links to other cave objects/ 
Wrote and tested a method to print the linked_caves ditionary to the terminal.
3/6/2025 - Added code to the main program to allow the player to move between different cave objects.
Set up a new Character class and test program.
Created 'Harry - The smelly Wumpus' in the test program and tested the conversation method.
4/6/2025 - Created the enemy subclass of the character class. Added the ablity to fight a Wumpus. Also allowed for the player to die from fighting the Wumpus with the wrong weapon. Modified the character testing program to include the features of the enemy subclass and the fighting method. Added a way to set up the weakness of a character and learned about the super() function.
6/6/2025 - Finished testing the character in the char_test.py file. Added harry object to the main program and added it to the dungeon object. Reworked the main loop to report if a character is in a cave. Added more code to the main loop to accept different inputs (moving, talking and fighting) - still need to finish the code to manage fighting.
10/06/2025 - Completed the Hunt The Wumpus tutorial by adding a death system so the game can end when losing a fight to a Wumpus. Began redesigning the map to have different pathways and different areas that will only be accessible after reaching certain requirements.
11/06/2025 - fill this in
13/6/2025 - Worked on setting up the conversation and created the shopkeeper. Talking isn't working.
17/6/2025 - Made a lot of changes i'll write about later
18/06/2025 - Got the second character appearing after the first one is defeated feature to work. Created wump coins variable and added clear console function.
24/06/2025 - worked on shopkeepers finish this
27/06/2025 - Worked on the shopkeepers more. Made the transaction take away wump coins depending on the goods amount. Aiming to make the transadction impact the amount of an item that the player has. thinkking of trying the same way i did with the wump coins or with more if statements and connections like the fight with function.
30/06/2025 - Got a basic version of the shopkeeper increasing the quantity of one of the players items working with an if statement. Then I thought about how I could make the system more OOP based so I began creating the inventory class that allows items to be created with a name, quantity and price using a google search to help me. I currently have the code in there and will develop it during my next session of work. Also tried the user inyourface website to help understanding what kinds of UI designs I should aim to ignore.
25/07/2025 - Made significant progress on the inventory class. Began discussing with Mr Brooks about different methods of creating an inventory including making a file, creating a dictionary or setting up booleans for specific items. I began working on creating the inventory class that allows the construction of objects with a name, price and quantity similar to how the caves are constructed. 
28/07/2025 - Configured the shops code to allow for modular shopkeepers. I tried to modify the code directly but the inhabited creatures good price wasn't connected to the good they were selling so I spent my time trying to modify the salesman class to allow for this to work. Instead I reverted to the older price code and began trying to use that to allow me to set the shopkeepers price, still basing it off of the good they are selling. I got stuck on modifying the if statement for whether the player has enough wump coins to purchase a particular item as the codespace believed the variables were strings despite all being integers. I will revisit this shortly.